HTML/CSS basics
Why do we separate HTML and CSS?
To keep it neat
What are classes and IDs (and how are they different)?
IDS are unique and should not be repeated, while classes can.
What are elements?
Elements are things like the body, head. html.
What are tags?
tags are things that open and close the element.
What are attributes?
attributes are the thngs added after the element, like href is added after the a tag. 
What are forms?
Place where data is sent.
What is a div?
div is a container.
What are selectors?
selectors 
What are properties?
What are values?
What is the “query string” in a URL and what does it do?
What is the difference between “pixels” and “ems”?
How do CSS styles for a particular element get inherited? i.e. how does an element get its “default” styles?
What are two CSS attributes you can change to push an element around on the page?
What are the three different ways to include CSS in your project or use CSS to style a particular element?
What is the “default stylesheet” or “user agent stylesheet”?
Why use a CSS reset file?
GIT----------------------------------
What is version control?
Records all changes. 
What type of control is get then?
Git is a Distributed Control System. Mirrors the respository. Isn't effected if only 
one server goes down. 
What makes git unique?
More snapshot based, comparing how the images look to the previous
image. If no change, uses the same image. 
What are the three stages of git?
Modify, stage, commit. (stage is just the mod being sent for approval)
--------------------JAVASCRIPT
How do you declare a variable?
What are three different ways to declare a variable?
Which one should you use when?
What are the rules for naming variables?
What are operators, operands, and operations?
What is concatenation and what happens when you add numbers and strings together?
What are the different types of operators in JavaScript?
What is the difference between == and ===?
What are operator precedence values?
What are the increment/decrement operators?
What is the difference between prefixing and post-fixing them?
What are assignment operators?
What is the “Unary +” Operator?
